Getting started: install pnpm@7 until we've sorted out upgrading it (#37689)
woocommerce/woocommerce: README.md

### Prerequisites

* [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating): While you can always install Node through other means, we recommend using NVM to ensure you're aligned with the version used by our development teams. Our repository contains [an `.nvmrc` file](.nvmrc) which helps ensure you are using the correct version of Node.

> * [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/installation): Our repository utilizes PNPM to manage project dependencies and run various scripts involved in building and testing projects. For now, install PNPM 7 like so: `npm install pnpm@7 --global`

Author: ```suggestion
* [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/installation): Our repository utilizes PNPM to manage project dependencies and run various scripts involved in building and testing projects. Until the repository tooling has been updated to support PNPM 8, install PNPM 7 like so: `npm install pnpm@7 --global`
```
